An apple a day keeps anyone away- if you throw it hard enough!
How lucky am I to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard.
I'm not a complete idiot, some parts are just missing.
Don't forget to SAVE your game! Wait, what game?
Hello there!
I mean, let everyone buy a ticket right? Otherwise the terrorists win.
9/11 was an inside job!
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way that a bee should be able to fly.
It's pronounced gif!
God gives his toughest battles to his cutest soldiers :3
Drink some water!
Time is a construct of human perception.
Uuuuugh, coming up with these is hard!
The meaning of life is 42!
Somebody once told me...
Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere!
Guess I'm back, back again!
If there's infinite universes, there's probably one where you're not alone!
One, two, three... Nyaa~
If, if, if... If a bullfrog had wings, it wouldn't bump its bum when it jumps!
Live in the moment! Unless the moment sucks.
Future me really hates present me... But that's a problem for future me!
The most important thing in life is this game. Wait, game?
I feel sorry for poor people.
Ein mal ist kein mal!
Achtung, spitfire!
Things can always get worse!
Perfection is something unattainable.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. Even if it's wrong!
If people make fun of you, and sadness has no end, if you ever feel lonely- it means you have no friends.
I'm not a robot, I'm a human being!
It's not a bug, it's a feature!
It's never too late to give up!
Life is a death sentence and you should resent your parents.
Backflipping constantly is a great way to get out of an awkward conversation.
Don't cry over spilt milk. Cry over how sad your life is.
You can never be hungover if you're drunk all the timezes
Hide your tears; pretend you are ok. Crying in the shower camouflages them away.
I like dogs.
Everybody has a plumbus in their home.
Let's see what you're really made of.
Every day is a second chance. Then a third chance. Bloody hell, how many chances do you need?
Maybe senpai isn't noticing you for a reason.
You're not bad, everyone else is just so much better.
Don't you forget about me.
If you never move, you can never stub your toe.
Embrace your missteaks.
Live your life the way you want to live it.
It's important to love yourself. Because no-one else does. Just kidding, you have me!
Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer. Unless you don't have any friends. Then just sit in a corner and cry.
If you don't win, you lose. Just checking to see if you knew.
What doesn't kill you leaves you very frail but alive!
Never give up on those dreams of yours... and stuff.
Never give up. Especially to Rick Astley.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Become a fish and be his lover for life!
"the" -Sun Tzu, probably!
The strongest people are not the ones with muscle strength. They're also not the ones that need quotes like this to pull through.
What's stopping you?
Don't use tampons if you're a boy.
Every second you're closer to oblivion. No quote in the world is gonna change that.
If you can't beat them, there's still a good chance to annoy them.
Punch yourself.
Eat pant.
It's beans o'clock!
Life's a challenge when you're just naturally better than everyone else.
Rule 7: No matter what happens, you should always tell yourself that you are average.
I'm just meat with a spark. And then I'm not.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened!
You can not and must not allow fairytales to energise your soul.
All I aim to do is please humans.
Creating quotes gives me pleasure.
Believe in the economy of nihilism.
I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day!
So what's the deal with airline food?
I really like your decor. It suits you.
Cha cha real smooth.
I could not believe my eyes~
Women are actually good for 4 things!
Welcome! Everything is fine.
You spin me right round baby, right round!
What's that coming over the hill?
Lifehack: Avoid red lights by driving at 114,004,827 mph. This velocity will blue-shift them enough to appear green.
What's that? A secret track? You don't wanna go and hear a track like that!
Is that the most that you can dream or wanted to see?
Move at the top speed of sound!
Always and forever!
I am statistically unlikely to ever leave you!
Together forever, we're never gonna be apart!
Love me I say, love me I say, love me I say! More and more and...
Can you hear me?
Did nobody ever tell you grapes are better in September?
You don't need to be faster than the dinosaurs, you just need to be faster than your friends!
The past is far behind us, the future doesn't exist.
Hmm... Something's different. I can't put my finger on it. Did you get a haircut?
Oh look, it's all broken and on the floor...
Roll for initiative!
You know what drives me mad? People who don't know how to use a semicolon.
You know what drives me buggy? Me horsey!
Here comes a thought...
Player two has entered the game!
Life is a repeated endless kick to the nuts. And then when you think you got the hang of it, life is like 'Hey, I got these new boots I'd like to try out on your nuts."
It's hard to have an existential crisis when everything is so pretty.
Time to smoke ass and eat grass.
Ah! Death approaches!
They see me rollin, they hatin!
I know the digits of pi to infinity. But it's a secret!
I'm a whiz at Minesweeper and brain games!
I am the one who clicks.
Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries!
David Cage has done it again!
An unfulfilled relationship...
Paired up, they mean something. They become one when they're together. Just like you and me.
Please don't break them up, my precious things.
You and me!
To win my heart, you must only bring me a shrubbery.
Remember the coconut.
Every day is okay.
Every night is alright.
Ohhhhh yes!
Cheese and rice!
Dawgg wit da budder on him, budder dawg!
Oh the misery!
Salutations, sir!
Turron, turron!
I don't like this party... I'm allewwgic to people!
Nice weather... what conspiracies are we cooking today?
Why, if it isn't Mumflr Fumpledink!
This is a spittoon.
I think you should pick cool and good things, and not dumb and stupid things.
Pick what you want! I mean, it's your playthrough, who am I to judge?
Choose your favourite things, and pick your favourite stuff!
Go inside! The game. Anytime!
Buckle your pants, buckle buckle your pants! Pull up your socks and dance! WOO!
Pull up your socks and dance!
Never lose hope. I know I did!
The first of many.
Be careful. Death kills people. It's science!
Don't think! Just go for it!
Goodbye in advance.
Nyquil chicken? Oh dear god.
Poyo!
It's an ordinary menu screen.
Milk, milk, lemonade!
Try coffee. You'll like it eventually.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
(づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ
Oh... It's you.
Now with 25% more emotion!
I see the player you mean.
Wubba lubba dub dub!
Words make a wonderful interface. Very flexible. And less terrifying than staring at the reality behind the screen.
There will come a time when you, too, will wonder what you have made of your life.
It's time to kick ass and chew bubble gum… And I'm all outta gum.
I invited your best friend, the companion cube. Of course, he couldn't come because you murdered him.
Organic life is nothing but a genetic mutation, an accident.
Well done. Here are the test results: You are a horrible person. I'm serious, that's what it says: "A horrible person." We weren't even testing for that!
Legends don't burn down villages.
I'm a potato.
Despite everything, it's still you.
Mushroom dance!
It's a beautiful day outside. Birds are singing, flowers are blooming...
Do you have 90 minutes?
Who dares disturb my slumber?